README.md, before:

# E-Commerce Backend

  ![MIT License Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue)

  ## Description

  This is an implementation of a simple RESTful API for an e-commerce website.  It uses Sequelize to interface with a MySQL database backend.

  ## Table of Contents

  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [How to Contribute](#how-to-contribute)
  - [License](#license)
  - [Questions](#questions)

  ## Installation

  Clone the repository.  Run schema.sql in MySQL.  Then run "npm run seed" to seed the database followed by "npm start" to boot up the server.

  ## Usage

  This should be used as a backend for a website that sells things using a simple tagging system.  This will only handle the inventory management.

  ## How to Contribute

  Make a pull request or contact me using the information below.

  ## License

  This software provided under the [MIT license](LICENSE.txt).
  

  ## Questions

  If you have any questions or concerns, feel free to contact me via my [Github](https://github.com/zk229) or via [email](mailto:zkirsche229@gmail.com).

Commit message:

add video link to README

README.md, after:

# E-Commerce Backend

  ![MIT License Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue)

  ## Description

  This is an implementation of a simple RESTful API for an e-commerce website.  It uses Sequelize to interface with a MySQL database backend.

  ## Table of Contents

  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [How to Contribute](#how-to-contribute)
  - [License](#license)
  - [Questions](#questions)

  ## Installation

  Clone the repository.  Run schema.sql in MySQL.  Then run "npm run seed" to seed the database followed by "npm start" to boot up the server.

  ## Usage

  This should be used as a backend for a website that sells things using a simple tagging system.  This will only handle the inventory management.  You can see a video of the code running [on my Youtube channel](https://youtu.be/YN5yYEejYXQ).

  ## How to Contribute

  Make a pull request or contact me using the information below.

  ## License

  This software provided under the [MIT license](LICENSE.txt).
  

  ## Questions

  If you have any questions or concerns, feel free to contact me via my [Github](https://github.com/zk229) or via [email](mailto:zkirsche229@gmail.com).
